---
layout: page
permalink: /publications/
title: Research
description:  #publications by categories in reversed chronological order. generated by jekyll-scholar.
#years: [1967, 1956, 1950, 1935, 1905]
nav: true
nav_order: 1 
--- 

My research focuses on data-driven decision making with applications in dynamic pricing, inventory management, and uncertain search. I am particularly interested in (i) developing and analyzing online algorithms that achieve provably good performance and (ii) modeling and solving sequential decision making problems that involve the exploration-exploitation trade-offs.  

#### Working Papers  

1.  Uncertain Search with Knowledge Transfer, with Woonghee T. Huh, Michael J. Kim.   
     *Soon to be Submitted to Management Science*.
      
2. Woonghee T. Huh, Michael J. Kim, **Meichun Lin**. Risk-Averse Dynamic Pricing and Demand Learning.
 *Soon to be Resubmitted to Manufacturing & Service Operations Management*.  

3.  New Product Dynamic Pricing: The Value of Transfer Learning, with Woonghee T. Huh.  
      *Manuscript in Preparation*.


#### Publications 
1. **Meichun Lin**, Woonghee T. Huh, Harish Krishnan, Joline Uichanco (2022). [Data-Driven Newsvendor Problem: Performance of the Sample Average Approximation.](https://doi.org/10.1287/opre.2022.2307)  *Operations Research*, 70(4): 1996-2012. 

2. Woonghee T. Huh, Michael J. Kim, **Meichun Lin** (forthcoming). [Bayesian Dithering for Learning: Asymptotically Optimal Policies in Dynamic Pricing.](https://doi.org/10.1111/poms.13786)  *Production and Operations Management*.  

3. **Meichun Lin**, Woonghee T. Huh, Guohua Wan (2021). [Multi-Period Lot-Sizing with Supplier Selection: Structural Results, Complexity and Algorithm.](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.orl.2021.05.013) *Operations Research Letters*, 49(4): 602-609.
  * Finalist, INFORMS Undergraduate Operations Research Prize, 2018

 
#### Conference Talks 
 * Uncertain Search with Knowledge Transfer.
     * MSOM Conference, Munich, Germany, June 2022.
 * Risk-Averse Dynamic Pricing and Demand Learning.
     * INFORMS Annual Meeting, Virtual, Oct. 2021. 
 * Data-Driven Newsvendor Problem: Performance of the Sample Average Approximation.
     * POMS 31st Annual	Conference, Virtual, Apr. 2021. 
 * Bayesian Dithering for Learning: Asymptotically Optimal Policies in Dynamic Pricing.
     * MSOM Conference, Virtual, June 2021.
     * INFORMS Annual Meeting, Virtual, Nov. 2020.  
 * Multi-Period Lot-Sizing with Supplier Selection: Structural Results, Complexity and Algorithm.
     * INFORMS Annual Meeting, Phoenix, Nov. 2018.
 


<!-- _pages/publications.md
<div class="publications">

{%- for y in page.years %}
  <h2 class="year">{{y}}</h2>
  {% bibliography -f papers -q @*[year={{y}}]* %}
{% endfor %}

</div>
 -->